---
title: Welcome to Cosmic Giggle!
---

Welcome to Cosmic Giggle! We are campers spanning the US from NYC to the Bay and reaching across the pond to London and Beirut. We've been on Playa for over 15 years. Each year we modify our cosmos to make the most of our current talents and bring the best of ourselves to Playa.

![2023 Camp Photo](/docs/assets/images/cosmicgiggle_nighttime.jpg)

![2023 Camp People Photo](/docs/assets/images/camp_group_2023.jpg)

You can reach one of us by stitching together the [linked email](en<removeme>tropical<removemetoo>Storm@gmail.com).

Our current camp highlights are:

## Freddy!

Freddy is our 30-foot tall inflatable Godzilla. He comes out to play when the
winds are just right (ie, we’re not in the middle of a haboob). He likes to
perch on the container, in front of the lounge, and he has been known to pop up
in Deep Playa for a sunrise set. If you approach him like a dinosaur, he accepts
selfies.


## Cosmic Giggle Gym

Often touted as the best gym on the playa. Gym equipment including free weights, bench press, inverter, and "sexerciser" will be available for all passers-by to get their pump on.

## Cosmic Croquet

Our fun-for-all-ages croquet will be set up for play day and night! The balls
and mallets are covered in light reactive paint and glow at night. Our wickets
are synced and illuminated with programmable LEDs.

## Giggle Oasis

Our newest structure is an inviting space for a respite from the sun and perfect
for a snooze. Decorated with pillows and mattresses, the Giggle Oasis has hosted
many a neighbor and passerby. At night it is illuminated, and features
projections of sunsets on its walls.

## Cosmic Giggle porch

Arranged to invite you in and hang with our crew. Most days and evenings members
of our camp are lounging on our couches. We welcome you to take a seat and enjoy
our beats. We are always happy to offer you a drink from our
Dehydration/Rehydration Station. At night the space is illuminated by our
programmable LED camp sign and Falcor (our 10-foot tall furry LED-programmable
pole). On cold nights, we have a burn barrel to further lure folks in and keep
'em warm. Overall, we’d bill this as our space for spontaneous mingling,
dancing, and lounging. If the vibes right, we might just create a party for you!

## Spermy

We have the brightest cutest whale mutant art vehicle that loves to meet and
pickup future friends.



## And our interactivities include close and personal offerings such as

* Dehydration/Rehydration Station

If you've been pumping up at the bar, breaking a sweat in one of our classes, or
are just dehydrated from, well, Playa life, we are happy to fill your cup with a
healthy dose of electrolytes and fluids. If you want to keep on the dehydration
train or want to build a bigger buzz off your work-out, we will throw in a shot
of vodka or whisky. Depending on the bartender's mood, you may need to earn that
shot with a spin of our activity wheel and completion of whichever
exercise/dance/silly activity it lands on.


* Classes from the Giggleverse

Every year we host 8-10 classes for our community. The offerings are contingent
on our camp membership. In the past we have held HIIT-themed classes in the gym
area, sunglasses decorating and restorative yoga in the Giggle Oasis, and belly
dancing and jazzercise in the porch area.

* Mobile Temple Art Therapy

For those that want to create a piece of art as a dedication for the temple, we
host supplies that are in camp and that travel to the temple. By providing a
means of expression, we promote the principles of participation and
self-expression.

* Hot sauce Journey

Hot sauce is a substance that makes The Burn a physical sensation that demands
immediacy. Our hot sauce shamans bring a set of sauces that range from mild
(thousands of Scoville Units, SKU) to extra spicy (millions of SKU). We brief
our participants about what they will be experiencing and remind them to be
present with the sensations. Though many begin this journey wary of the hottest
pepper on earth, all complete the journey with a better sense of themselves.
